University

Students study at the university. The student has a first and last name and belongs to the Group. 
This group is the unit for which the Schedule will be drawn up. That is, each student of this group 
will have the same schedule. Courses are taught at the university. The course has a name and a description. 
Lessons are conducted by teachers. A teacher has a first name, last name, and one course they teach.
Lessons are held in Classrooms. An Classrooms is a room for conducting a Lessons, which has its own number, 
a description of its features (what equipment is in the Classroom, how many students it can accommodate) 
and a list of courses that can be held here.

When a Group of Students and a Teacher gather in the Classroom to study a certain Course, 
it is called a Lesson. The Lesson is subject to the Schedule. That is, the Schedule is a table of Lesson. 
The Lesson has its position in the schedule, which consists of the day of the week (Mon-Fri) and 
the number of the Lesson (1-4). Also, the lesson contains information about the Classroom, Course, Teacher, Group.

The totality of all classes of the University is the Schedule of the University. 
By applying the "group" filter, you can get only Lessons for the selected group - 
this will be the Schedule of the group (and the student from this group). 
You can also filter Lessons for the Teacher - get the Teacher's Schedule 
and for the Classroom - get the Classroom Schedule.

Generation of the University Schedule is the main task of the initial stage of the program. 
The Schedule itself will be a class that manages the Map of Positions and Cells. 
A Position is a place on the Schedule table - Monday through Friday from the first Lesson to the fourth. 
A Cell is a separate class that contains a List of Lessons. At the university, several classes 
can be held in parallel at the same time. Cell contains this list of classes.

The Schedule is subject to the following restrictions:
- At the same time, there can be only one Lesson from one Teacher from one Course for one Group.
- Parallel classes for different groups, classrooms, courses, teachers are allowed.
- For one group there should be from 2 to 4 classes per day.
- For one teacher there should be from 2 to 4 classes per day.
- For a group, classes should be consecutive.
- For a group or a teacher, classes may not start with the first Lesson, but with the 2nd or 3rd.
The number and list of courses for the group is determined by the special Educational Program (curriculum). 
The Curriculum is a table with a list of groups-rows and courses-columns. The number of lessons per week 
is indicated in the cell at the intersection. That is, the row for the group will indicate the 
number of Lessons from each Course available at the University. Some Courses will be 0 - they are not taught for this group. 
Numbers 1-3 will indicate the number of lessons per week.